Create a program to allow users to create, edit and print student records according to the following requirements:

    Student records shall be stored in a binary file.
    A student record shall have the following fields
        ID: a unique integer greater than zero which is generated automatically
        Name: a string which is max. 32 charachters. It shall not be empty.
        Age: an integer in the range of 5 and 75
    The user interface shall be a menu which has the following options:
        A) Print All Students
            If the user presses 'a' or 'A', the program shall format and print all the student to the terminal
        C) Create A Student
            If the user presses 'c' or 'C', the program shall ask the user to enter age and name of the student and then create and store the new student in the file.
        P) Print A Student
            If the user presses 'p' or 'P', the program shall ask the user to enter ID of the student to display. If there is no student whose ID is equal to the entered ID, the program shall print an error message to the terminal; otherwise, the student shall be formatted and printed to the terminal
        E) Edit A Student
            If the user presses 'e' or 'E', the program shall ask the user to enter ID of the student. If there is no student whose ID is equal to the entered ID, the program shall print an error message to the terminal; otherwise it shall ask the user to enter the new age and the new name of the student and then update the student record in the file. If the user enters nothing for a field, the field of the student in the file shall not be changed.
        Q) Quit
            If the user presses 'q' or 'Q', the program shall be terminated
    The program shall validate the user input for each field
    The program shall handle errors when reading or writing from/to the file
    The code shall be well-described. 

 
To get G(godkänd), all the requirements above shall be fulfilled and to get VG(väl godkänd), in addition to the G requirements the code shall be well-orgnized and the menu shall also have the following option:

    D) Delete A Student
        If the user presses 'd' or 'D', the program shall ask the user to enter ID of the student to delete. If there is no student whose ID is equal to the entered ID, the program shall print an error message to the terminal; otherwise, the student shall be deleted from the file.